# PE
Practice Enterprise 1 Project

Project Description
	The aim of this project is to create a real time chat application where users are able to register for an account, login and chat with other users. Users will be able to connect to various channels, depending on factors such as interests, hobbies, and other topics. The messages will be encrypted so that the users are able to chat securely without having to worry about any security concerns. The main problem some people face when wanting to communicate something with others is the inability to quickly communicate with someone who has similar interests as you. This chat app will allow you to join a chat where you will be able to communicate with someone who shares similar interests as you or wants to chat about something in a specific topic.

Functional Analysis
	The chat application will be mostly written using python-based web framework that will allow implementation of real time chat features. Users will be able to register for an account and then log in. Usernames and passwords will have some sort of requirements to be met in order to be considered valid. Once a user logs in they will be able to join a “channel” of their choice depending on certain criteria such as interests, hobbies and other topics. A second user will be able to join this channel and communicate with the first user, and so forth. Messages will be encrypted to preserve integrity of user data. 

Work Breakdown Structure
The work will need to be broken into various parts to accommodate the different features as described above. The first couple of weeks will be used to further familiarize myself with the Django web framework. After this first step the first steps of realizing the chat app must be taken. A simple index page for users to register and login for an account must be created. After account registration/login is successfully completed other pages of the chat app must be created such as the different “chat rooms” and certain features such as “log out, get help etc.” must be implemented. After these steps are successfully completed the ability to connect multiple users to a chat room must be realized. Once these primary features are incorporated, additional features can be added/improved depending on how far along the project has come.
